README.md, before:

# Plants vs Zombies Game

This is a simplified version of the famous *Plants vs Zombies* game built in Java. 
In this game, players can place various types of plants to defend their garden from waves of zombies. 
The objective is to prevent the zombies from reaching the left side of the screen by strategically planting and upgrading plants.

## Features
- **Multiple plant types**: Including Peashooters, Freeze Peashooters, and Sunflowers.
- **Zombie types**: Normal Zombies and Conehead Zombies with unique movement behaviors.
- **Sun collection**: Collect suns to plant more plants and defend against the zombies.
- **Level progression**: Complete levels and progress to more challenging ones.
- **Timers**: Timers for plant production, zombie spawning, and sun generation.
- **Dynamic background**: A static background with changing elements based on level progression.

## Gameplay
In this game, the player defends their garden from zombies by placing plants along the garden’s rows. 
Each plant costs a certain amount of "sun," which is collected during the game. 
Zombies spawn in different lanes and try to reach the left side of the garden. 
The player must strategically place plants to eliminate or slow down the zombies.

### Plant Types
- **Peashooter**: Shoots peas to damage zombies.
- **Freeze Peashooter**: A peashooter that freezes zombies in its lane.
- **Sunflower**: Generates sun that can be used to plant other plants.

### Zombie Types
- **Normal Zombie**: The basic type of zombie.
- **Conehead Zombie**: A stronger zombie with a traffic cone on its head for extra defense.

> To run the program, please read the follow:
#### Requirements
* Java 1.17

#### Installation
```
git clone
```

#### Run 
```
run file controller.GameWindow.java
```

Commit message:

Enhance README with application details and requirements
Updated the README to provide more information about the application and its features.

README.md, after:

## About Plants vs Zombies Game application
> Using this small program to explain about the AWT and Swing.

<img width="421" height="237" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/75a09e5b-72be-4a8f-8dcc-61a29954eb2a" />

This is a simplified version of the famous *Plants vs Zombies* game built in Java. 
In this game, players can place various types of plants to defend their garden from waves of zombies. 
The objective is to prevent the zombies from reaching the left side of the screen by strategically planting and upgrading plants.

## Features
- **Multiple plant types**: Including Peashooters, Freeze Peashooters, and Sunflowers.
- **Zombie types**: Normal Zombies and Conehead Zombies with unique movement behaviors.
- **Sun collection**: Collect suns to plant more plants and defend against the zombies.
- **Level progression**: Complete levels and progress to more challenging ones.
- **Timers**: Timers for plant production, zombie spawning, and sun generation.
- **Dynamic background**: A static background with changing elements based on level progression.

## Gameplay
In this game, the player defends their garden from zombies by placing plants along the garden’s rows. 
Each plant costs a certain amount of "sun," which is collected during the game. 
Zombies spawn in different lanes and try to reach the left side of the garden. 
The player must strategically place plants to eliminate or slow down the zombies.

### Plant Types
- **Peashooter**: Shoots peas to damage zombies.
- **Freeze Peashooter**: A peashooter that freezes zombies in its lane.
- **Sunflower**: Generates sun that can be used to plant other plants.
- **Wall-nut**: Defend plants behind it from the zombies with their high health.

### Zombie Types
- **Normal Zombie**: The basic type of zombie.
- **Conehead Zombie**: A stronger zombie with a traffic cone on its head for extra defense.
- **Runner Zombie**: A fast zombie with extra speed.

> To run the program, please read the follow:
#### Requirements
* Java 1.17

#### Installation
```
git clone
```

#### Run 
```
run file controller.GameWindow.java
```
